<!--1.1 Deploy Web Apps-->

## Notes:


<!-- Test questions -->

## 1. When creating an Azure Web App named "acme", what is the domain name that Azure automatically provisions for it?

- acme.azurewebsites.net

## 2. In addition to the Production deployment slot, how many additional deployment slots can you create?

- You can add additional deployment slots for a total of 5 deployment slots that can be swapped with the production slot, or other non-production slots. The 4 additional slots can be used for staging and testing purposes.

## 3. What Mode does a Web App need to be in to configure additional Deployment Slots?

- Standard

## 4. Which Azure PowerShell command is used to create a new Azure Web App Deployment Stlot?

- New-AzureWebsite -Location $loc -Name $name -Slot $slot

## 5. An Azure Web App named "acme" has been created. You create a new "staging" deployment slot. What is the domain name Azure automatically provisions for the "staging" deployment slot?

- acme-staging.azurewebsites.net

## 6. Which Azure PowerShell cmdlet is used to swap deployment slots?

- Switch-AzureWebsiteSlot

## 7. What methods are supported for publishing an Azure Web App?

- Visual Studio, Git, Web Deploy, PowerShell, FTP, Continuous delivery from Source Control
  ## What is FTP (File Transfer Protocol) ?
  - A way to transfer files online
    - FTP is, for web developers, a way of moving information from the computer you’re working on to the server where a website is hosted. If you want to install WordPress on a web server, for example, you’re going to need FTP to copy the files over.
  ## What is DNS ?
  - A protocol used to translate domain names into IP addresses

## 8. Which Azure PowerShell cmdlet is used to publish a Web App?

- Publish-AzureWebsiteProject

## 9. Which Azure PowerShell cmdlet is used to publish a WebJob?

- New-AzureWebsiteJob

## 10. What are the options for scheduling a WebJob?

- Scheduled, On-Demand, Continuously Running

## 11. What file types are supported to run as a WebJob?

- .exe, .cmd, .bat, .ps1(PowerShell), .js(node), .py(Python)
