<!--Practice Questions -->

## 1. Which of the following are valid prefixes for connection strings when retrieved using environment variables?

- SQLCONNSTR*, MYSQLCONNSTR*, SQLAZURECONNSTR*, CUSTOMCONNSTR*

## 2. You purchased a domain name from your own DNS provider, which of the following are valid methods to add this to your Azure web app?

- Add an A record in your DNS provider’s management interface to point to the IP address of your website, and then add the domain name to the Azure portal,
- Add a CNAME record in your DNS provider’s management interface to point to the subdomain of your website and then add the domain name into the Azure portal

## 3. Which command should you use to stop an Azure web app called myWebApp using the Xplat-Cli?

- azure site stop myWebApp

## 4. Which command deletes an app setting called test using the Xplat-Cli?

- azure site appsetting delete test

## 5. Which command changes to service management mode using the Xplat-Cli?

- azure config mode asm

## 6. Which PowerShell command adds an endpoint to a traffic manager profile for an Azure web app?

- Add-AzureTrafficManagerEndpoint -DomainName http://mydomain.azurewebsites.net -status Enabled -Type AzureWebsite

## 7. How would you enable SSL for your production Azure web app?

- Purchase an SSL certificate from a trusted certificate authority, import it into the Certificate Store and export it with the private key. Upload the .PFX file to the Azure portal

## 8. How should you add DNS level routing of requests to your globally distributed web app?

- Use a Traffic Manager profile in Performance mode
